{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\notabind\margl1440\margr1440\hyphhotz936\ftnbj\fet2\ftnrstpg\aftnnar\viewkind1\subfontbysize \sectd \sbknone\headery1440\footery1440\endnhere\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang4105  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}\pard \fs26\qc 
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 OUTSIDE BOARD REPRESENTATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE}{\plain \fs26 \fs26 \par
}\pard \fs26
{\plain \fs26 \fs26 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \par
}\pard \fs26\sl552\slmult1 
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 1.  Full Name of Agency:\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 2.  Name of Current JLH Board Representative:\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 3.  How often does this board/council meet? (monthly, bimonthly, quarterly)\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 4.  What day of the week and time of day does this board/council meet?\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 5.  Approximately how many hours are spent at the meeting?\par
}\pard \fs26
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 6.  Any additional time spent fulfilling board/council responsibilities? (Please be \softline
specific.)\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}\pard \fs26\sl552\slmult1 
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 7.  What is the purpose/focus of the board/council?\par
}\pard \fs26
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 8.  Have you been asked to give money?  If yes, please specify the nature of the \softline
request (lunches, administrative costs, miscellaneous items) and the amount.\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}\pard \fs26
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 9.  Please describe this agency\'92s current goals and objectives, both programmatic and \softline
financial.  If the agency has a mission statement, please state it here.\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}\pard \fs26\sl552\slmult1 
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 10.  What do you see as this agency\'92s strengths and/or weaknesses in accomplishing its \softline
mission?\par
}\pard \fs26
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 11.  Do you see any future opportunities for collaborative projects between JLH and \softline
this agency?  If so, please describe any such possibilities.\par
}{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 \par
}\pard \fs26
{\plain \fs26 \b\fs26 12.  Would you recommend the JLH continue to support this agency with an Outside \softline
Board Representative?  Please explain why or why not.\par
}}